h1. Nakatype.js

Prototype.js extensions.

h2. Contents

h3. Tool Tips

Easy tooltips. 'Nuff said.

wiki: "http://github.com/nakajima/nakatype/wikis/tool-tips":http://github.com/nakajima/nakatype/wikis/tool-tips

example: "http://patnakajima.com/public/nakatype/test/functional/tool_tip_test.html":http://patnakajima.com/public/nakatype/test/functional/tool_tip_test.html

h3. Custom event for hash:changed

Fires a custom Prototype event named @hash:changed@ when the window location hash fragment changes.

wiki: "http://github.com/nakajima/nakatype/wikis/custom-event-for-hash-changed":http://github.com/nakajima/nakatype/wikis/custom-event-for-hash-changed

example: "http://patnakajima.com/public/nakatype/test/functional/hash_changed_test.html":http://patnakajima.com/public/nakatype/test/functional/hash_changed_test.html

h3. Evented AJAX Callbacks

Fires events for primary AJAX request callbacks.

h3. Benchmark.js

Ruby-esque benchmarking with Firebug.

wiki: "http://github.com/nakajima/nakatype/wikis/benchmark-js":http://github.com/nakajima/nakatype/wikis/benchmark-js

h3. Better Edit in Place

A better edit in place script than the standard script.aculo.us solution.

wiki: "http://github.com/nakajima/nakatype/wikis/better-edit-in-place-editable-js":http://github.com/nakajima/nakatype/wikis/better-edit-in-place-editable-js

example: _coming soon_

h3. Element Methods

Extensions for elements using Prototype's @Element.addMethods@ function.

h3. Element controls

Create elements that control elements.

wiki: "http://github.com/nakajima/nakatype/wikis/element-controls-element_controls-js":http://github.com/nakajima/nakatype/wikis/element-controls-element_controls-js

example: _coming soon_

h3. Classy Controls

Simple class-based behaviors.

wiki: "http://github.com/nakajima/nakatype/wikis/classy-controls-classy-js":http://github.com/nakajima/nakatype/wikis/classy-controls-classy-js

h3. Callbacks

Add before/after callbacks for any method for any object.

wiki: "http://github.com/nakajima/nakatype/wikis/callbacks":http://github.com/nakajima/nakatype/wikis/callbacks

h3. Event Delegation & Form Submission Event Bubbling Simulator

See "this blog post":http://devthatweb.com/view/basic-event-delegation-in-prototype for more info on these.

© 2008 Pat Nakajima

<pre>
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
</pre>